feat: add crowding documentation (#41)
mbta/gtfs-documentation: reference/gtfs-realtime.md

----- | ---- | ----------- | -------- | -----------
`label` | string | One | Required | The rider-visible label of the car.

## Occupancy data 

Real-time crowding information is available for bus, Orange Line, and some Red Line cars. For details, see the [MBTA’s Crowding Information page][crowding].

### Subway 

Orange Line crowding information is available on a per-car basis. Note: new Red Line train cars (19xx series as per the VehicleDescriptor label) also support car-level crowding information.

Crowding estimates for each car are calculated based on live weight information reported by the Orange Line cars every several seconds. Due to the frequency of the weight updates reported by each car, several seconds of data lag is to be expected.

> Crowding data is provided as part of the VehiclePosition feed within the multi_carriage_details element, nested within the Vehicle element.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crowding data is provided within the `multi_carriage_details` element in the `VehiclePosition` message.

```

> Each multi_carriage_details entry includes the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `multi_carriage_details` element contains a [`CarriageDetails`](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-CarriageDetails) message :
```

| Field                | Type    | Description                             |
| -------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------- |

> | carriage_sequence    | int32   | The order of a carriage within a train  |
> | id                   | string  | Not used by the MBTA; expect null.      |
> | label                | string  | Individual car ID                       |
> | occupancy_percentage | int32   | Individual car percentage occupancy     |
> | occupancy_status     | int32   | Individual car occupancy status         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `carriage_sequence`    | uint32   | The order of a carriage within a train  |
| `id`                   | string  | Not used by the MBTA; expect null.      |
| `label`                | string  | Individual car ID                       |
| `occupancy_percentage` | int32   | Individual car percentage occupancy     |
| `occupancy_status`     | [`OccupancyStatus`](https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#enum-occupancystatus)   | Individual car occupancy status         |
```

Per https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference/#message-CarriageDetails `occupancy_status` should be an `OccupancyStatus` message instead of an int32, if we are diverting from the spec on this it should probably be noted.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to me! One note that on line 30, 'uint32' vs 'int32' - the uint is inconsistent with what we've used elsewhere.

Reviewer: In general, our GTFS-RT documentation could use some refreshing. Many of the outside references are still going to https://github.com/google/transit/tree/master/gtfs-realtime/spec/en, which has been deprecated in favor of https://gtfs.org/realtime/reference. 

I do believe the int32 vs uint32 designation can be important for downstream users of the data. If negative values may be passed through, it should be noted as a diversion from the official spec.

Reviewer 3: `occupancy_status` here still isn't right, though, is it? We pass along values like `MANY_SEATS_AVAILABLE` and `STANDING_ROOM_ONLY`, which certainly aren't integers.
